docs(guide): how to prepare to meteor 3 (#12806)
meteor/meteor: guide/source/prepare-meteor-3.0.md

---

> title: How to prepare for Meteor Async (3.0)

Reviewer: I think this title gives the impression that this guide is for Meteor 3.0.

We could change it to something like:
```suggestion
title: How to migrate to Meteor Async in Meteor 2.x
```
